---
layout: post
author: TJ Maynes
title: Toy Story
date: 2011-09-14 00:00:00
published: true
---
The life and times of young andy (well at least the toys that came to life when the father-deprived child was away) 
is comparable to many youngsters. The first film stars Woody the cowboy doll, voiced by Tom Hanks, and Buzz Lightyear,
voiced by Tim Allen. Woody becomes jealous of Andy's new toy and comes up with a plan to get rid of Buzz for good. 
Far from positive this plan went, instead Buzz and Woody have to fight fo their toy live's to make it home (Andy's Bedroom)
in "one piece".

The first film is a truimph in animation history being the first fully computer animated motion picture film.
The movie also has a wonderful storyline, cast of very "animated" characters, and iconic scenes that top many Disney movies.
Moving along...past part 2....we jump into Toy Story 3, which is an utter tear jerker. I saw this film with my mom, dad, brother,
and girlfriend at the time (name redacted). Also, like Andy, I was going off to college soon and my mother was in tears towards
the end when (*spoiler*) Andy gives his toys away to a little girl that would appreciate them. It is a very touching ending that
leaves the audience in such a awe-inspiring moment that we remember those times when we had to give up something for the "greater
good". The film series is a delight to all and I will share such films as these for my children to see. By the way, did a little
tidbit about me: We almost named my younger brother after Andy (I was five years old at the time) but instead gave Andrew that 
as a middle name and called him Mark. *Seriously I have video of me saying this to my dad and mom.*
