---
layout: post
author: TJ Maynes
title: Digi-Life
category: personal
date: 2011-10-05 00:00:00
image: /images/wall/digi-life.png
published: true
---
I began this blog post while sitting closest to the front door at Thomas Cooper library. "T-Coop" had seven-levels of floors:
two on top-level and five floors underground. Underground was a place where I spent a good amount of time to think through my thoughts. To rest and re'cooperate'.
At the time, I was thinking about why I felt that many students were not taking technology and many other subjects more seriously. I sat quietly observing 
students talking to one another, facebooking one another, and, at times, staring blankly at their computer screens.
Much goes on in my mind while observing these peers of mine, but undoubtably I also had my mind on my Java homework. The Java homework was due in a few hours 
and I had no idea what the objective was even asking for me to produce.

I had other ideas on my mind that I didn't think Java could expand on (sure it's 'open-source' but its owned by Oracle). Sure, maybe I could write a program
that could <a href="https://github.com/TJMaynes/JavaHub/tree/master/Psychologist">read someone's mind</a>, so to speak, but that's not why I decided to spend a 
few years of my life to major in computer science. I've always given this idea much thought, but to some it didn't make any sense because the first thing that 
typically comes out of my mouth, after saying "hello", is related to cinema. Movies have always been part of my life (thats a fact). I enjoy computers, but I love 
movies. I've been watching movies for many years and I believe I have some 'passion' towards the filmmaking process. However, as I sit in T-Coop in that particular 
moment in time, I just didn't see the same passion I had for movies and computing in other people.

I've been sitting in this chair for hours, trying desperately to decipher what I had to do to complete this project. Then "eureka!" it came at me all at once. 
The point of all this sitting, working on code, and observing these peers of mine rambling on about the party that will happen in several feverish hours would 
all come to a close. People my age and younger are also trying desperately to find themselves as well as trying to find what they want to do with the rest of 
their lives. It bothers me when someone asks me what I want to do because I kind of want to do it all, I just knew it early on. The web, the phone, the sidewalk 
to 'five points', the places where we're all trying to find happiness, solitude, and knowledge to trail through this small but vast world of ours. I turned in 
the homework assignment exactly five minutes and twenty-one seconds to closing time. Now, I will smoke a cigarette and walk swiftly down the dark sidewalk of 
Greene street to five-points. The moonlight guides my path.

Here is a <a href="https://github.com/TJMaynes/JavaHub/tree/master/Geometry">link</a> to that original homework assignment.

